Git Lab tutorials completed: 10/8/2021
GitHub account creation: ~Fall 2019

1.
C:\Users\blake\assignment2>git commit -F commit.txt
[master c1daf40] Add git status output
 1 file changed, 9 insertions(+)
 create mode 100644 docs/status.txt

2. 
9 total commits (3 by me). 
Found using: git log

3. 
Fri Oct 8 12:48:54 2021 -0700 
command: git log -1 README.md

4.
Branches allow you to divide up your work by what was accomplished in each commit.
This is better than having one large branch with everything.
Branches also allow multiple developers to work on new changes off of one stable
commit, by each branching out from the stable commit.

5. 
Git log shows all the commits made to the repository, while git status shows just the
current state of the local repository including what files are new, added, and the
status relative to the remote repository.

6.
git log Vehicle.h

7.
git log --grep="file"

8.
Inheritance in OOP is where one class inherits or gets some attributes from another class.
The class inheriting attributes would be considered the child and the class it inherits
from would be the parent.
Polymorphism is where one method call can be made on different objects from different class
types and each will respond depending on the implementation in that class.
Encapsulation is where a class/object only contains the information relevant to itself and 
contains all of such information making it independent.

9. 
The main difference is that in the integration manager model the developers push changes
from their public repository to one integration manager that handles all conflicts before
pushing to the blessed repository, whereas in the dictator and lieutenants workflow there
is an added line of lieutenants that each receive commits from a subset of the developers, 
and the lieutenants then push to the dictator who pushes to the blessed repository.

10. 
Rather than all 100 developers pushing to a single integration manager which would become
extremely hard to manage and successfully merge all changes, it could be broken down by
having 10 developers push to a single lieutenant, and 10 lieutenants then pushing to 1
dictator, so at each step there are changes coming from only 10 different sources making
merging significantly easier.







